and I looked and there in
and I looked and there in firmament that was above the head of the
firmament that was above the head of the
firmament that was above the head of the cherubim there appeared something like a
cherubim there appeared something like a
cherubim there appeared something like a sapphire stone having the appearance of
sapphire stone having the appearance of
sapphire stone having the appearance of the likeness of a throne then he spoke
the likeness of a throne then he spoke
the likeness of a throne then he spoke to the man clothed with linen go in
to the man clothed with linen go in
to the man clothed with linen go in among the wheels under the cherub fill
among the wheels under the cherub fill
among the wheels under the cherub fill your hands with coals of fire from among
your hands with coals of fire from among
your hands with coals of fire from among the cherubim and scatter them over the
the cherubim and scatter them over the
the cherubim and scatter them over the sea and he went in as I watched now the
sea and he went in as I watched now the
sea and he went in as I watched now the cherubim were standing on the south side
cherubim were standing on the south side
cherubim were standing on the south side of the temple when the man went in and
of the temple when the man went in and
of the temple when the man went in and the cloud filled the inner court then
the cloud filled the inner court then
the cloud filled the inner court then the glory of the Lord went up from the
the glory of the Lord went up from the
the glory of the Lord went up from the cherub and passed over the threshold of
cherub and passed over the threshold of
cherub and passed over the threshold of the temple and the house was filled with
the temple and the house was filled with
the temple and the house was filled with the cloud and the court was full of the
the cloud and the court was full of the
the cloud and the court was full of the brightness of the Lord's glory and the
brightness of the Lord's glory and the
brightness of the Lord's glory and the sound of the wings of the cherubim was
sound of the wings of the cherubim was
sound of the wings of the cherubim was heard even in the outer court like the
heard even in the outer court like the
heard even in the outer court like the voice of Almighty God when he speaks
voice of Almighty God when he speaks
voice of Almighty God when he speaks [Music]
[Music]
[Music] it happened when he commanded the man
it happened when he commanded the man
it happened when he commanded the man clothed in linen take fire from among
clothed in linen take fire from among
clothed in linen take fire from among the wheels from among the cherubim that
the wheels from among the cherubim that
the wheels from among the cherubim that he went in and stood beside the wheels
he went in and stood beside the wheels
he went in and stood beside the wheels and the cherub stretched out his hand
and the cherub stretched out his hand
and the cherub stretched out his hand from among the cherubim to the fire that
from among the cherubim to the fire that
from among the cherubim to the fire that was among the chatter him and took some
was among the chatter him and took some
was among the chatter him and took some of it and put it into the hands of the
of it and put it into the hands of the
of it and put it into the hands of the man clothed with linen who took it and
man clothed with linen who took it and
man clothed with linen who took it and went out the cherubim appeared to have
went out the cherubim appeared to have
went out the cherubim appeared to have the form of a man's hand under their
the form of a man's hand under their
the form of a man's hand under their wings and when I looked there were four
wings and when I looked there were four
wings and when I looked there were four wheels by the cherubim one wheel by one
wheels by the cherubim one wheel by one
wheels by the cherubim one wheel by one cherub and another wheel by each other
cherub and another wheel by each other
cherub and another wheel by each other chat up the wheels appeared to have the
chat up the wheels appeared to have the
chat up the wheels appeared to have the color of a barrel stone as for their
color of a barrel stone as for their
color of a barrel stone as for their appearance all four looked alike as it
appearance all four looked alike as it
appearance all four looked alike as it were a wheel in the middle of a wheel
were a wheel in the middle of a wheel
were a wheel in the middle of a wheel when they went they went toward any of
when they went they went toward any of
when they went they went toward any of their four directions they did not turn
their four directions they did not turn
their four directions they did not turn aside when they went but followed in the
aside when they went but followed in the
aside when they went but followed in the direction the head was facing they did
direction the head was facing they did
direction the head was facing they did not turn aside when they went
and their whole body with their back
and their whole body with their back their hands their wings and the wheels
their hands their wings and the wheels
their hands their wings and the wheels that the four had were full of eyes all
that the four had were full of eyes all
that the four had were full of eyes all around as for the wheels they were
around as for the wheels they were
around as for the wheels they were called in my hearing wheel each one had
called in my hearing wheel each one had
called in my hearing wheel each one had four faces
four faces
four faces the first face was the face of a child
the first face was the face of a child
the first face was the face of a child the second face the face of a man the
the second face the face of a man the
the second face the face of a man the third the face of a lion and the fourth
third the face of a lion and the fourth
third the face of a lion and the fourth the face of an eagle and the cherubim
the face of an eagle and the cherubim
the face of an eagle and the cherubim were lifted up this was the living
were lifted up this was the living
were lifted up this was the living creature I saw by the river Kiba when
creature I saw by the river Kiba when
creature I saw by the river Kiba when the cherubim went the wheels went beside
the cherubim went the wheels went beside
the cherubim went the wheels went beside them and when the cherubim lifted their
them and when the cherubim lifted their
them and when the cherubim lifted their wings to mount up from the earth the
wings to mount up from the earth the
wings to mount up from the earth the same wheels also did not turn from
same wheels also did not turn from
same wheels also did not turn from beside them when the cherubim stood
beside them when the cherubim stood
beside them when the cherubim stood still the wheels stood still and when
still the wheels stood still and when
still the wheels stood still and when one was lifted up the other lifted
one was lifted up the other lifted
one was lifted up the other lifted itself up but the spirit of the living
itself up but the spirit of the living
itself up but the spirit of the living creature was in them then the glory of
creature was in them then the glory of
creature was in them then the glory of the Lord departed from the threshold of
the Lord departed from the threshold of
the Lord departed from the threshold of the temple and stood over the cherubim
the temple and stood over the cherubim
the temple and stood over the cherubim and the cherubim lifted their wings and
and the cherubim lifted their wings and
and the cherubim lifted their wings and mounted up from the earth in my sight
mounted up from the earth in my sight
mounted up from the earth in my sight when they went out the wheels were
when they went out the wheels were
when they went out the wheels were beside them and they stood at the door
beside them and they stood at the door
beside them and they stood at the door of the east gate of the Lord's house and
of the east gate of the Lord's house and
of the east gate of the Lord's house and the glory of the God of Israel was above
the glory of the God of Israel was above
the glory of the God of Israel was above them this is the living creature I saw
them this is the living creature I saw
them this is the living creature I saw under the God of Israel by the river
under the God of Israel by the river
under the God of Israel by the river kiba and I knew they were cherubim each
kiba and I knew they were cherubim each
kiba and I knew they were cherubim each one had four faces and each one four
one had four faces and each one four
one had four faces and each one four wings and the likeness of the hands of a
wings and the likeness of the hands of a
wings and the likeness of the hands of a man was under their wings and the
man was under their wings and the
man was under their wings and the likeness of their faces was the same as
likeness of their faces was the same as
likeness of their faces was the same as the faces which I had seen by the river
the faces which I had seen by the river
the faces which I had seen by the river Chebar their appearance and their
Chebar their appearance and their
Chebar their appearance and their persons they each went straight forward
persons they each went straight forward
persons they each went straight forward [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you